    https://codepen.io/taylorpalmer/pen/XWJmavE?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? This is a way of organizing and labeling HTML that is clear to read for yourself or someone else later.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is the content of the website. It's what the end-user sees on the page but without styling.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes are style qualities that are put into CSS to modify the appearance of what was put into HTML.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: elements, classes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? id is a selector used to identify a single element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any one specific element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A class identifies a type of item or group of elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any elements that you want to give all the same styling to.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? a{target-name: new; target-new: tab;}
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? It is used to display alternative information if the user cannot view load an image for some reason such as a slow connection.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? div is a non-specific container where section indicates different sections of a document.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style the text that goes into HTML.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You use the selector from the HTML that is attached to the element you're trying to change followed by curly brackets eg. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class indicates a group of elements where id indicates a single element. A class could be used on a <header> and changes in CSS would effect that whole group of elements. An id could be used on one <p> and changes in CSS to that id would only effect that one single paragraph.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a period example-.class{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? when identical elements are in different sections of the page you can list the parent followed by the child or children selectors then {}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div sidebar nav a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height modifier
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? text-spacing modifier
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{ border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{} Universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm "file-name"; you have to be careful because it is permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control? It records changes to a file over time.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Everytime a significant change is made. Can revert to previous iterations later.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1. In github: fork and add collaborator 2. In terminal: git clone 3. Create branch <firstname-lastname> 4.Work on project, make, add, commit changes 5. Push local repo to Github 6. on Github create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
